CNV- 59580: Added note to Configuring PCI passthrough (#106357)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/managing_vms/advanced_vm_management/virt-configuring-pci-passthrough.adoc

Cluster administrators can expose and manage host devices that are permitted to be used in the cluster by using the `oc` command-line interface (CLI).

[IMPORTANT]
====
For `vfio-pci` to allocate a PCI device, no other kernel driver can manage that device. If a driver is already managing the device, you must blacklist the specific kernel module.

> Blacklisting a module makes all devices handled by that module unavailable to the host.

Reviewer: @Vaishali-gif-rh I don't see this update in the PR

Cluster administrators can expose and manage host devices that are permitted to be used in the cluster by using the `oc` command-line interface (CLI).

[IMPORTANT]
====
For `vfio-pci` to allocate a PCI device, no other kernel driver can manage that device. If a driver is already managing the device, you must blacklist the specific kernel module.

Blacklisting a module makes all devices handled by that module unavailable to the host.
====

* Example MachineConfig to blacklist the enic kernel module
====

> The following example demonstrates a `MachineConfig` CR that blacklists the `enic` network driver by creating a configuration file in `/etc/modprobe.d/` and adding kernel arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a `MachineConfig` CR that adds the `enic` network driver to a blocklist by creating a configuration file in `/etc/modprobe.d/` and adding kernel arguments:
```
